Preface

After transmigrating into the body of the Vicious Villainess, I gained the ability to edit the original text of the story.

In the current scene, the Heroine was cooking porridge to hand-feed the Male Lead.

So, I changed "cooking porridge" to "cooking shit."

The Male Lead completely lost his mind after swallowing it.

"It's... gag... delicious! retch!"

This stupid book is called The Alpha Emperor’s Obsession.

The heroine, Bella, is your classic fragile, innocent, "I'm not like other girls" flower. She was a nobody in the Royal Harem, but with her trembling body and that pitiful look on her face, she hooked Kingston, the Emperor and male lead.

Despite having a massive harem of gorgeous women, Kingston only has eyes for Bella. For her, he’s planning to kick every other woman out of the palace so they can have their Happily Ever After. No one gives a damn about the exiles or their miserable fates.

And me? I’m Chloe. One of those pathetic, soon-to-be-dumped mistresses.

Right now, we are at the Grand Mid-Autumn Gala. This is a key plot point where Kingston and Bella’s romance is supposed to heat up.

"Assassin! Protect the King!"

Suddenly, a ninja in black jumps out of nowhere. His dagger slices Kingston’s arm, and blood starts gushing. The gala turns into total chaos.

Luckily, plot armor is a thing. The assassin gets tackled immediately and dragged off to the Dungeon.

[BEEP — Key Plot Point Detected. Host, do you wish to modify the text?]

Original Text: [Seeing Kingston injured, Bella cried it out on the spot.]

I smirked, looking like a total villain. I deleted [cried it out] and typed in [crapped it out].

Bella has this cute, innocent face. Usually, when she cries, she looks soft and vulnerable. Kingston gets hard just looking at her like that.

But this? This is different.

Kingston might feel bad for a weeping beauty, but I doubt he’s into a psycho who takes a dump on the ballroom floor.

Chapter 2

A smell that can only be described as "ungodly" started spreading through the banquet hall.

One of the other mistresses sniffed the air, frowning. "Does anyone else smell that? What is that?"

Bella hadn't realized her body had betrayed her yet. She just felt warm and fuzzy around her legs.

She took a step forward, lifting her tiny, palm-sized face, looking all worried and heartbroken. "Your Majesty, surely you are in pain? Let me bandage that for you."

Kingston gave her his signature crooked, devilish smile. He pulled Bella by the waist, crushing her into his chest.

But I have 20/20 vision. I saw it. The back of Bella’s expensive gown was soaking wet with a yellowish-brown liquid, and it was smearing all over Kingston’s expensive suit.

I couldn't hold back. "Wow, Mistress Bella, your gown is so... unique. That yellow tie-dye ombré effect on the back? Truly avant-garde."

Bella froze. "Yellow tie-dye? What are you talking about? My dress is pink."

She looked down.

Her face went from confused to horrified to stone.

Her pink dress was saturated with literal shit. The yellow soup was dripping onto the polished marble floor.

Bella screamed. She shoved Kingston away and jumped back.

Big mistake. That jump shook loose the rest of the liquid payload, splattering it all over Kingston.

The stench hit everyone like a truck. Kingston looked like he was about to lose his mind.

Chapter 3

News spreads fast. Bella shitting herself at the gala became the hot gossip of the entire palace within five minutes.

Bella cried until her eyes were nearly blind. She was threatening to hang herself every hour.

But damn, give credit to the plot armor. Even though she covered Kingston in diarrhea, he didn’t dump her. Instead, he ordered a gag order.

"If anyone dares speak of this again, I will have their head!"

To vent his anger for Bella, Kingston executed a few innocent maids and summoned me to his Royal Study.

Kingston’s handsome face was twisted in rage. He slammed the desk. "Chloe! If you hadn't pointed out that 'yellow tie-dye' nonsense, my sweet Bella wouldn't have noticed! It's all your fault! You're just jealous of her!"

"Your Majesty, I know you’re the generic 'Domineering Alpha,' but can we use logic for one second?"

"Guards!" he roared. "Drag Mistress Chloe out! Fifty lashes! Beat her until she learns!"

My eyes went wide.

Fifty lashes? I’m a frail princess from a neighboring country sent here for a political alliance! Fifty lashes would turn me into meat paste. Is he trying to start a war?

This guy is insane!

I didn't think twice. I activated the Edit System.

Original Text: [Several dead bodies of maids lay in the Royal Study.]

I changed [dead bodies] to [zombies].

In the corner, four or five corpses jerked and stood up, swaying unsteadily. Kingston frowned, confused. "What is this? Didn't you kill them? Incompetent fools! Guards, take the executioner out and give him fifty lashes too!"

Kingston’s screaming attracted the zombies' attention.

"ROAR!" The zombies opened their bloody jaws and lunged at Kingston with claws out.

Kingston had never seen a zombie movie. He tried to use his "Alpha Aura" to scare them.

"How dare you! If you touch me, I will execute your entire families! Get back, you filthy— ARGH!"

Zombies don't care about your rank, bro. They tackled him and started biting.

Kingston was screaming as blood flew everywhere.

I was hiding in the corner, shaking. Okay, maybe this was too scary. Just eat him quickly, please.

The eunuchs and servants lost their minds and ran for the Royal Guards. The Guards burst in and hacked the zombies off Kingston, who was now chewed up like a dog toy.

Bella rushed in, too.

She threw herself on the bloody Kingston, sobbing. "Boo-hoo! Your Majesty! Do not die! You promised to spoil me every day! You promised to nourish me with your love! You can't break your word!"

Kingston let out a weak growl. "Woman... don't cry. I will... survive."

The zombies were dead (again). Only Kingston was bitten.

I stepped forward. "Your Majesty! I have read about these creatures in foreign lands! They are the Undead. Anyone bitten by them will turn into a monster and lose their humanity!"

Kingston froze. He saw his wounds turning black.

Panic set in.

Suddenly, a zombie that wasn't fully dead lunged and bit Kingston’s pants, ripping them downwards.

Rip.

Yellow and white substances flowed down his legs.

The mighty Emperor just shit his pants out of fear.

I also caught a glimpse of Kingston's... "Excalibur." It’s tiny. Like, bite-sized.

Chapter 4

The Royal Doctor rushed in.

He checked the pulse, looked at the black veins, and started sweating bullets.

"Your Majesty... this wound has a potent toxin. I... my skills are insufficient. I cannot cure this!"

Kingston tried to roar, but he was too weak.

This was my moment.

"Your Majesty," I said timidly. "I... I know a folk remedy from my hometown. It is said to cure all poisons."

Kingston was desperate. "What remedy?! Speak!"

I gritted my teeth. "You must take... fresh excrement. Boil it in scalding water until it is a soup. Then, apply it to the wound as a hot compress."

Kingston didn't even hesitate. "Did you not hear Mistress Chloe? Do it! NOW!"

The Imperial Kitchen maids brought in a giant cauldron. The head eunuch brought Kingston’s personal chamber pot.

When the boiling water hit the payload, the smell in the Royal Study was nuclear. Bella covered her nose, looking like she was going to pass out.

But she is the Heroine. She had to serve her man.

She scooped up the hot yellow sludge and slapped it onto Kingston’s face and body.

"Ugh... GAG!"

The room was a gas chamber. Everyone was turning green.

"Chloe... GAG! Mistress Chloe... how long?"

"About an hour, Your Majesty. You must constantly replace the compress with fresh, hot... material."

"Change it! GAG... It's cold!"

Bella scraped his face clean and slapped a new hot scoop on him.

Until some of the sludge dripped to the corner of his mouth.

Kingston accidentally licked it.

"BLERGH!!! AAUUGHH!"

He pushed Bella away and vomited all over the floor.

Chapter 5

Kingston didn't know how he survived that hour.

But miraculously, the zombie virus slowed down.

"Congratulations, Your Majesty! The toxin is suppressed!" the doctor announced.

The doctor stroked his beard. "If Your Majesty continues this 'Hot Poop Therapy' every day, the toxin will eventually be purged."

Good news: He lives.

Bad news: Daily Shit Mask.

Kingston pounded the floor in rage.

"Dammit! You make me wear SHIT on my face every day?!"

Suddenly, Bella stood up. "Your Majesty... maybe try my blood."

Kingston grabbed her arm and bit down.

The black veins on Kingston’s body faded.

The doctor cheered. "A miracle! Just seven more days of the Hot Compress, and you will be fully healed!"

Chapter 7

Hearing the King was hurt, the rest of the harem rushed to visit with soups and snacks.

Gwen, the Noble Consort, brought chicken soup.

As soon as she entered the courtyard, she saw Penny sprinting out, gagging.

Penny sobbed. "Lady Gwen! Don't go in! It's horrific!"

Gwen eventually entered anyway.

She saw Kingston covered in hot, steaming brown sludge.

Gwen screamed, dry-heaved, and ran faster than Usain Bolt out of the palace.

Chapter 8

The news that the King was marinating in feces spread like wildfire.

Lyla was forced to change Kingston’s mask once.

She ran back crying to the others.

"Lady Gwen! It's not fair! I don't want to touch poop!"

I pulled Lyla into a hug while the other mistresses stared at me suspiciously.

"Hey, don't look at me like that. It was my weird sister Bonnie's recipe."

The dynamic changed completely. The harem now treated Kingston and Bella like they had the plague.

When Bella came out, everyone pinched their noses and avoided her.

"Lady Bella, maybe take a shower? Or five?"

Usually the villainess gets isolated. But in this version, we locked the main characters in a literal shit-show.

Chapter 9

Bella couldn't handle being the outcast.

She convinced Kingston to summon all the mistresses to watch them make out in the Royal Bedroom.

It was incredibly cringe.

Bella then said, "Your Majesty, I made you some porridge with my own hands."

[BEEP. EDIT SYSTEM READY.]

I changed [cooked a pot of porridge] to [cooked a pot of shit].

Right in front of twenty witnesses, Bella fed Kingston literal crap.

Because they had been smelling it for days, they didn't realize at first.

Kingston took a bite. "BLERGH!"

Bella, confused, ate a spoonful herself and immediately puked.

The entire harem was traumatized.

Chapter 11

The mistresses couldn't take it anymore.

Gwen dropped to her knees. "Your Majesty! Please let me leave the palace!"

The rest followed. "Please, set us free!"

Kingston refused at first.

I used moral gaslighting: "If you truly love Lady Bella, you would disband the harem for her."

Bella looked resentful.

Kingston, ego hurt, threw Bella onto the bed and started making out aggressively in front of everyone.

Lyla (only 16) turned bright red. I covered her eyes.

"ALRIGHT LADIES! The King is busy! Let's get out of here!"

We escaped the Palace of Stench.

Back at Gwen’s mansion, everyone was traumatized.

Kingston, you pervert. You need to be punished.

Chapter 12

I used my saved Edit Points.

Original Text: [Kingston stood tall at 6'2". ... packing a solid 7 inches.]

I changed 7 inches to 99 inches.

Ninety-nine inches. About 8 feet of meat.

"You're welcome, Kingston," I whispered.

Chapter 14

Kingston summoned the Royal Medical Team in panic.

He had grown a literal anaconda between his legs.

The doctor suggested it might be a blessing.

Kingston screamed he looked like a freak.

I eavesdropped with Gwen outside the window.

Gwen wrote a panicked letter to her father, the Prime Minister:

"Dear Dad, the King has been possessed by a Shit Demon... he has mutated into a grotesque beast. Please save me."

The Duke confronted Kingston at court.

In the chaos, Kingston’s robe was ripped open, revealing the massive "tail."

The General drew his sword and chopped it off.

Kingston screeched and passed out.

The court declared him possessed. His uncle, the Prince Regent, took the throne.

Chapter 15

Kingston was thrown into the dungeon.

The New Emperor summoned me.

"Princess Chloe... about our deal."

I had been a spy all along. The chaos helped his uncle seize the throne, and in return, my country would gain territory.

He dissolved the harem, gave everyone severance pay, and set us free.

Chapter 16

"We're free! We're finally free!"

Lyla jumped excitedly. "Chloe! Can I come travel with you?"

"Sure," I smiled. "Pack your bags, kid."

As we walked out laughing into the sunlight, no one noticed a limping figure in rags slipping out the back exit.

It was Bella, completely ignored.

And just like that, the trashy novel The Alpha Emperor’s Obsession came to an abrupt, chaotic end.

There are no more "Domineering Alphas" or "Crying Heroines" here. Just freedom.
